Clock code is important and you want to
learn cloud code. But when you open a
claw code for the first time, this is
what you see just a black screen and a
little icon looking very coding. So you
search Google cloud code beginner
friendly and now you have to learn all
these different concepts like gra MCP
API context window and you're like never
mind you know what I'm just going to go
back to my old life. That can happen. I
get why you're feeling because growing
up I just never liked math nor I was
good at it. I was like the Asian girl
who was not good at math. Yeah. Anyways,
whenever I look at the math problem I'm
like my head just went all blank.
Couldn't think. So, if you're like me
when you're looking at the clock code
and you're a little confused, this video
is for you. I put 23 claw code concepts
that you need to know to get started
with the clock code. And also, I have
four little tips towards the end of it.
How I use claw codes to save time. This
is going to be very helpful for you,
especially for beginners or who just
barely started learning cloud code. I'm
going to explain every single concept in
less than 1 minute hopefully in an
easier way for you to understand it. If
I understood what that meant, you can
understand that too. So, let's get
started. I'm going to break this down
into four different sections. Part one
is just the workspace in general, claw
code, where does it work, how does it
work, stuff like that. Part two is
building with AI. How can we actually
start building with AI? Part three,
connecting systems. Okay, once you're
starting build with AI, you have to
connect with outside software or
whatever you use. So, how does that
work? Part four is the power feature,
which we're going to talk about some of
the benefit. And the very last bonus
section, you don't want to miss this
because this is going to save a ton of
your time and also eventually money
because everything you say to claw code
it it takes tokens which equals to money
which we're going to talk about that.
But let's go over workspace number one.
So concept number one I want to talk
about today is repo. Repo is short for
repository. So what it means is pretty
much just a folder. Like if you ever
used a computer and put everything into
the folder. Now, if you haven't used a
computer, let's go back in the days. If
you put like a text file together for
your house and you can put the pictures
together in a folder, whatever you use,
repo stands for folder. Just remember
that it holds code, file, setting, and
instructions. Now, concept number two is
git. Git and GitHub is a little bit
different, but let's talk about git. So,
git is every change you make to your
project, if something breaks, it goes
back to the earlier version. So, I don't
know if you ever edit a video for
yourself in the past. Back in the days
when I first started editing, I had to
save everything just to make sure I can
start from where I saved. But now, it
has an autosave feature where if I were
to turn off the laptop and reopen it, it
goes back to where I edited. So, that's
kind of similar to what Git means. But
what about GitHub? You probably heard of
GitHub a lot, and you're like, "What is
GitHub? Is that a place that everybody
just hangs out?" Kind of. Kind of. Yeah.
So, GitHub is a website where all the
repo live online. You know what repo is
at this point, right? Folders. Yes,
that's right. So, pretty much what it is
is people put the projects out there and
they want to collaborate with one
another and they put either free one or
paid one, whatever they want to put out
there. It's like a Google Drive that you
have, but this Google Drive is you have
access to share with other people. I
wouldn't share anything that's
confidential. And before you click
anything in the GitHub, if there's a
link that you got to click, I typically
like to verify the link before I click
it. So I ask AI if this is legitimate. I
like to look at the reviews and see if
that person is legit because there are
some scammers out there, believe me.
Anyways, let's go with the concept
number four, which is a terminal NCLI.
I'm pretty sure you've heard of that a
lot, too. Terminal, it's not like a
movie Terminator, but now let me show
you what terminal looks like on my
computer. This is what the terminal
looks like. Just a black window. And do
you see little tiny letters over here?
Yeah, you see it. So, what if I say
clude? What do you think it's going to
happen? Yes, I trust this folder.
Claude, they open the cloud for me.
That's what it is. It's pretty much like
you're texting to your computer so your
computer can do what you want. So
instead of using your mouse to click the
button to get to somewhere, you just ask
terminal get here, open this, download
this, and they will do it for you.
Pretty smart. The CLI is actually the
texting part where you just say hello,
you know, like this texting right here.
We call that CLI, which stands for
command line interface. Concept number
five, VS Code. Now, cloud can be run in
multiple different ways. Claude has its
own app that you can run claw code or
you can run in different workspace. For
me, I use claude on anti-gravity.
Anti-gravity is based on VS Code. So, VS
Code is the most popular code editor out
there because it's been there like the
longest and it's by Microsoft. So, it's
like a Microsoft Word document, but this
is for code and you can use clock code
using VS Code. But I personally liked
anti-gravity because anti-gravity has
its own agent. So I can go back and
forth between cloud agent and
anti-gravity agent. If you're curious
how to install that, I actually recorded
another video that I can put right here.
Okay, let's go back there. VS Code.
Okay, the other concept is cursor.
Cursor is very popular too. Cursor is
like a VS code, but the reason why I
don't use it is because you got to pay
for it and I like free. So, anti-gravity
was free, so I'm using that right now.
Okay, let's go with the concept number
seven. Now, front end, back end. I'm
pretty sure you've heard of this before,
but when I first heard front and back
and it's like, okay, something's in
front, something's in back. So, just
imagine the clock, the outside, the
front. What do you see? You see the
numbers and clock ticking. That's it.
And if you were to actually open it,
then you see all this little tiny gears
and working towards making this clock
work. That's what it is. So if you go
back to this front end and back end if
you look at the website or application
front end is what people see on your
website and the back end is what is
actually happening in the back. For me I
use vertical for the front end and for
the back end I use superbase. What I did
is I told claw code I want to use
vertical for the front end and superbase
for the back end and they got it. That's
it. I hope everything is making sense so
far. But let's go into part two, which
is building with AI, the actual building
part. Now, you've heard of prompts in
the past and how important prompt is.
What is prompt? If you haven't heard of
prompt, it's just an instruction. So,
instead of using one 011, you know, like
any code language, Python, just dot dot
whatever, you are actually using your
natural English or any other language
you speak. and that AI can translate
into their own language to come up with
the outcome that you desire. That's what
it is. So from that being said, prompt
is very very important. It's like
ordering something in the restaurant.
You don't say, "Oh, give me some food."
No, you don't say that. You specifically
tell them exactly what you like, right?
Looking at the menu, you're like, "Okay,
this is what I want and also I'm
gluten-free, so I would like to get
gluten-free crust." whatever you are,
you like to ask them and that's what you
get based on your prompt. Now, prompt
engineering is very important because of
that. Prompt engineering is basically
you're giving a better instruction. It
doesn't mean you're actually engineering
anything. You're giving better
instruction. One of the ways that you
can give better instruction is be very
clear and specific and also give them a
role. So, if you're wanting to build a
website, just tell them that they're
senior web developer. and I don't know
what it is, but AI is so much smarter if
you're actually giving them role. So
that's what prompt engineering means.
Let's go with the tools. Read, write,
bash. There's a lot more, but pretty
much what it means is cloud code can
have access to use tools on your
computer. So anything on your laptop or
anything on your like local computer,
cloud code have access to that. They can
view files, write it, which means they
can create new files or they can edit
the current files and bash which is run
the commands. So this is very important
actually if you don't want clock code to
use certain things on your laptop like
certain folders are very restricted some
folders are very confidential and you
want to restrict AI to use it then you
have to make sure to let clock code to
know don't ever use this don't ever open
it don't use it and don't ever edit
anything don't touch it pretty much and
they will never open it and edit it so
it's safe speaking of safety permissions
is very important because of that. Now,
if you look at the clock code right
here, do you see, let me make it a
little bigger so you can see this. Do
you see a little tiny section over here,
which is edit automatically, plan mode,
bypass permissions mode, ask before
edits? I personally recommend if you
have a current thing running like a
application or your website and you
don't want to mess this up, then always
go with the plan mode. If you're using
anti-gravity, you can ask anti-gravity
agent AI agent to do a plan mode as
well. So, clockos doesn't change
anything. The other safety feature that
you can do is ask before edits. It's
pretty much the same thing, but clock
code does better when whenever it's a
planning, and that's the reason why I
like to use plan mode, just to be extra
safe. Now, if you're starting a project
and at this point you trust cloud code
to do the work, then I do like bypass
permission mode because I don't have to
tell them that yes, you can do this in
every 10 seconds. That was very annoying
when I first started it. So, if it's not
super important and I know Clao can do
the work after testing a couple of times
and I just let them do it. That's the
permissions. Now, let's go with the
context window. Context window. It
sounds a little complicated, right? But
pretty much what it is is clock has a
shortterm memory and long-term memory.
Now short-term memory context window is
this right here, the chat. So it is a
short-term memory. And one of the
problem of this context window is claw
code has its own maximum. As an example,
if I were to go over here, do you see
the 97% use right here? when it's 100%
that Claude just doesn't respond to you
and say the prompt is too long. So, it
is very frustrating because sometimes we
want Claude to understand our
conversation we had. We're like, I just
barely told you. That's the reason why
we have this MD file. MD file is a
long-term memory. And I do recommend
getting MD file every single project.
Context window is the chatbot right
there. Short-term memory. MD file is a
long-term memory. So whenever you start
a project this is my recommendation
always do slashinit which is initiate.
So whenever you do slashinit to claw
code like this as an example let's just
say you open one of the projects and
folder then you just type slashinit and
claw code will automatically made
claw.md file for that project which is
fantastic because again this is a
long-term memory. So imagine claw code
remembering specifically what you're
talking about right this is especially
useful if you don't want to repeat
yourself and if you want smart AI agent
now let's talk about different models
cloud has three different models one is
haiku the second one sonnet and third
one opus I personally love love love
opus because it's the smartest AI tool
out there especially opus 4.6 I can't
wait for opus 4.8 8 and 5.1. Yeah, it's
just going to get smarter. But here's
the difference between Haiku Sonnet and
Opz. A lot of times people use Sonnet
because costwise it's a lot better. But
if you're looking for something fast
response and you don't really have to
have AI think about it, then use Haiku
for sure. This is the fastest and the
least expensive option. So it's really
best for anything quick task or like
sorting out different things and any
simple questions you want to ask. Yeah,
use haiku. But but if you're wanting
something deeper than haiku, like a
writing and then doing some analysis or
you need to check the quality of it,
then I do recommend Sonnet. If you want
the best reasoning ever and if you're
wanting to create this architecture and
running this multi-step tasks, I use
Opus for sure. especially writing
YouTube script or planning for a
project. Typically what I do is I go
back and forth with Sonnet first so I
can get my thoughts organized. And after
everything is almost done, I have Opus
verify everything and then tell me what
I'm missing. And Opus does a really good
job at verifying that and almost doesn't
make any mistake compared to these two
tools. But it is more expensive. So
Sonnet is the most recommended for that
reason. Now let's talk about tokens. So
token it's like money. That's what it
is. Roughly one token equals to one
word. There has been a big update by
claw code that they actually increased
their context window. Remember what
context window is? Short-term memory,
right? This is context window right
here. So they just barely increased it
to 1 million tokens for input and
output. Which means we can ask to up to
1 million. That's about 750 words more
or less. Yeah. In one single
conversation. O thank you clock. I love
that. I love this update. So token is
like a data on your phone unless you
have unlimited you know you have to
watch your data right kind of same
thing. So if you use clock a lot I
personally use max plan and you can use
pro plan max plan or I think there's
$250 plan as well. But I do recommend
getting on that plan versus taking
tokens line by line because that's gonna
cost a lot more if you end up using
cloud a lot. So just think about that.
Think about the purpose of you of you
using claw code and if you were to use
it a lot then just get into like a pro
the minimum to start with. All right we
are on part three connecting systems.
Now we know how cloud code work right
where cloud code operates and how we can
ask cloud code to do things. But now we
want to talk about how we can connect to
different systems. API is very very
popular term that everybody talks about.
I need what is API? API is like a key to
somebody's house. You have this key to
enter into their home. But this API key
is very specific to only certain doors.
API key have limitations sometimes.
However, it will get you inside of the
house. As an example, let's just say you
use notion. Okay, with the API key can
have access to your notion
documentation. So, what is MCP? MCP
stands for model context protocol. So,
remember API is a key to your house,
right? But then you only have access to
certain doors. But MCP is different. MCP
is like having a master key to your
house. So, you can get into anywhere. So
the reason why MCP is really cool is
because MCP will give you access to do
everything on behalf of you in that app.
So if you were to give MCP to cloud,
cloud not only understand how everything
works and everything operate but it has
access to edit or make changes or
anything that you desire cloud code to
do. Now let's go with the concept 18
JSON. JSON is a structure format. It's
different than Python. Python is a
programming language. But JSON is a
format that kind of looks like this. It
looks kind of complicated. You know, if
you look at the long JSON, but pretty
much the computer needed more
organization and that's why they needed
JSON. You don't have to learn how to
write JSON, how to even organize it. You
ask clock code to do it. That's what it
is. That's the beauty of cloud code.
Have you heard of rag before? Rag stands
for retrieval augmented generation which
basically means claw code is going to
look at all the data that you've fed
them before and answer the question
based on the data. It's like having a
claw code go to Google and ask questions
based on the information you've given.
It's giving you the information after
looking at the data which means it's so
much smarter if they have the system in
place and it's going to give you better
answer with more accuracy. Now our next
concept is deployment. Deployment simply
means it's published. That's what it is.
If you have some of the app that you're
working on, you click deployment and
everybody can see that app if they have
access to it. Pretty simple, right? Now,
let's get into some of the power
features. I love these. This is a little
bit more advanced. However, it's not
difficult for you to understand at all.
Let's go with the concepts of sub agent.
Sub agent is a specialized AI helper. So
basically in instead of asking one AI to
do multiple different tasks, you're
dividing into different sub agent where
they can cooperate and they can work for
you. So this is like having a AI agency.
It's like having five different agents
underneath you or more. I love this
concept. This has been a gamecher for me
especially when I was creating this
automatic content strategy. If you want
to check that video, you can check over
here too. Now let's go with our final
concept which is checkpoints and undo.
What it means is cloud is very smart and
it automatically saves the file for you.
That's what it is. However, if you want
to go back, you can undo it. You just
ask cloud code to undo their work so you
can go back to the older project. Now,
here comes the bonus feature that I
mentioned before. I have four different
commands that I'm going to talk about.
That's going to save you so much time.
So, remember the context window? The
cloud has a certain memory 1 million
token which means when you're about to
be like 80% 85% cloud is getting dumber
and dumber they're the smarter when you
first start the session. So there are a
couple things that you can do. The first
thing is you can compact the
conversation and that way cloud code can
minimize some of the things that's not
really important and then maximize and
finish that conversation in one context
window. But the other thing you can do
is that you can clear the whole thing.
As an example, if I were to clear this
section over here, just type slash and
clear. Boom. What if I want to resume
the past conversation that I just barely
had with claw code? Then what you need
to do is just type dash resume. And it's
going to resume the conversation that I
just barely had with cloud code. So you
don't have to retype the whole thing.
And claw code can pick up from what you
just barely said. And look at this. It's
picking up from the memory MD over here.
And the other thing that I want to say
is dangerously skip permission which is
the bypass permission mode. I mentioned
this before but I personally like this
mode a lot so that I don't have to give
permission every 10 seconds. But if you
are very cautious which I get that
especially if you're working on very
important sensitive topic then check
every single code that clock code is
using. Yeah I do recommend that again.
But if you're non techy you know if you
don't know I guess you can do two two
different things. So you can go to
claude and ask claw to do it each time
or you can trust claw code to do it run
it and if they mess things up just do
undo. All right we just learned 23 claw
code concepts and I hope you feel a
little comfortable with your clock code
knowledge and you're doing great. This
was a lot of information so you can take
some break. Now if you're a reader and
you want to print everything and read
about it I'll put everything in a notion
document and I'll put in the description
below for you. In the next video, what
I'm going to talk about is I'm going to
talk about a little bit more advanced
feature that claw code just barely
launched. We call it clock code 2.0.
It's a mindblowing features. So, if
you're using claw code, you don't want
to miss this video and you want to learn
every single thing because that's going
to save you a lot of time. I can promise
you I'm not. So, make sure to subscribe
so that you can check the next